which one makes me look more like a
Harvard man I'm thrilled to report that
you look nothing like a Harvard man
welcome to Harvard Law School
I'm Fader Ginsburg and why are you here
miss Ginsburg occupying a place that
could have gone to a man you're the
smartest person here so just say well
you know mr. Fitzpatrick last week I was
told women are too emotional to be
lawyers you're cheb Chris one
interviewer told me they hired a woman
last year and what in the world would
they want with two of us
you're angry good news there are hundred
and seventy-eight loss a different shape
on the basis of sex our laws that say
women can work overtime to get credit
card our husbands need not a lots of
women we're not allowed to work in mind
why would you want to what's not the
point we should be allowed
I'm gonna convince the courts that those
laws are unconstitutional
I don't read tax court cases
read this from the law assumes a
caregiver has to be a woman
this is sex-based discrimination against
a man so judge is wrong
mr. Mart's the law is wrong they think
gender equality is a civil rights you
must see the opportunity this case
represents men and women both of you
will lose Routh's
and when you do you will set the woman's
moving back ten years you don't get to
tell me when to quit we should look to
her generation they're taking to the
streets demanding change you would do
well to remember this is a privilege it
is not a privilege it is a cage and
these laws are the bar
every dipping
you're ready for this you've been ready
for this your whole life we all must
take these laws on one by one this could
topple the whole damn system of
discrimination
the word woman does not appear even once
in the US Constitution nor does the word
freedom your honor
[Music]